README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I’m @JimmyBins! 👋

![An image of a sleepy Winter Bear NFT. Has a brown flat cap, a red hoodie, a pink flower necklace.](assets/bins-circle.png)

📫  You can find me at [@JimmyBins](https://twitter.com/JimmyBins) on Twitter if you want to chat! My DMs are open. 📫

🎁 You can support development of these tools by visiting my [tip jar](https://jimmy-bins.github.io/tipjar). 🎁

---

# Projects

A list of my current work.

## Jimmy Bins' OpenSea Tracker v0.5 (Google Sheet)

Access here: [Jimmy Bins' OpenSea Tracker v0.5 (Google Sheet)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10bkLsuUkC-m2G_GyZlzC7PqQE2ZwX_rNRpatueS4iV0/edit?usp=sharing)

This Google Sheet is a good way to get a ballpark estimate of your current NFT portfolio. You add your wallet address and it fetches the current price of ETH, the public items in your wallet & current floor prices on OpenSea, then gives you a total value. 

![A screenshot of the OpenSea Portfolio Google Sheet, showing how the spreadsheet is laid out.](assets/opensea-portfolio.png)

Commit message:

note for OS changes breaking the sheet.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I’m @JimmyBins! 👋

![An image of a sleepy Winter Bear NFT. Has a brown flat cap, a red hoodie, a pink flower necklace.](assets/bins-circle.png)

📫  You can find me at [@JimmyBins](https://twitter.com/JimmyBins) on Twitter if you want to chat! My DMs are open. 📫

🎁 You can support development of these tools by visiting my [tip jar](https://jimmy-bins.github.io/tipjar). 🎁

---

# Projects

A list of my current work.

## Jimmy Bins' OpenSea Tracker v0.5 (Google Sheet)

*Update March 2022:* the OpenSea team changed their API to restrict querying their data without an API key. This has broken the current version of the sheet. I'm working to update the sheet to fix it, but I don't have an ETA yet.

Access here: [Jimmy Bins' OpenSea Tracker v0.5 (Google Sheet)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10bkLsuUkC-m2G_GyZlzC7PqQE2ZwX_rNRpatueS4iV0/edit?usp=sharing)

This Google Sheet is a good way to get a ballpark estimate of your current NFT portfolio. You add your wallet address and it fetches the current price of ETH, the public items in your wallet & current floor prices on OpenSea, then gives you a total value. 

![A screenshot of the OpenSea Portfolio Google Sheet, showing how the spreadsheet is laid out.](assets/opensea-portfolio.png)
